Hello everyone,
and welcome to the solutions lecture
for the object oriented programme homework assignment.
So you had two problems,
one was filling in this Line class method,
and the other was filling in the Cylinder method.
So I'll show you my own solutions to it.
Yours may be a little different,
but hopefully, the classes were simple enough
that they should look pretty similar.
So the first thing I had to do was assign these attributes
using self.
So I said self.coor for coordinate 1,
set it equal to that input,
and then self.coor2,
set it equal to that second coordinate input.
So that's how I initialised my class.
After that, for the distance method,
what I did was unpacked the tuple using x1 and y1.
You may have used indexing to do that.
And then I did the same thing for x2 and y2,
unpacked that tuple.
And then the other things I did here,
for slope, I did the exact same thing.
You may have had this unpacking or assignments
in another part of your code,
but I had 'em within each method,
just duplicated for readability.
And then here, I just returned the distance formula
now that I have the x and y coordinates,
so x2 minus x1 squared, y2 minus y1 squared,
and then the square root of that whole thing.
And then the slope is just rise over run
and I casted it into a float to make sure
there were no issues there.
Okay, so moving along to the second problem for cylinder.
Again, I just assigned the attributes height and radius
with the inputs height and radius.
And I also put in a volume and a surface_area method.
So volume was just one line return,
and it took the height, multiplied it by pi,
I just used 3.14 as an estimate of pi,
by the radius squared, so height times pi r squared.
And for the surface area, to make it a little more readable,
I defined the top as pi r squared,
so that's the top of the cylinder,
and then the total surface area is gonna be
two times the surface area of the top,
so the top and the bottom,
and then two times pi times the radius times the height.
And you can go ahead and look up the surface area
equation for a cylinder to make sure that's correct.
And that's all there was to it.
Okay, go ahead and review that in case
you're having any confusion,
but I hope it went well for you.
Thanks, and I'll see you at the next lecture.